LBreakoutHD
-----------

First and foremost to make things clear: LBreakoutHD is an HD remake 
of LBreakout2 (all levelsets and themes will work). The game itself is
completely unchanged. A new SDL2/C++11 view has been added to support 
16:9 wide screens of any resolution. Why not adding this to the existing
LBreakout2 package if the game basically remains the same? Because 
second: I wanted to clean up the code (the not really well working 
network stuff bothered me) and not mix SDL2 with SDL for dependencies.

So LBreakoutHD is a clean cut with the old core engine (still in C) and
a brand new fully scalable 16:9 view. Well, it will be, when it's done.
It's in an early stage right now and a lot of things are still missing
but the game is basically already playable.

Command line options
--------------------
What's missing is a proper menu, for example. So for now you need to 
use the command line. This is what the help says:

Usage: lbreakouthd [-w resolution] [-f] [-p player1,...] [-t theme] levelset
  -w window resolution in vertical pixels (fixed to 16:9 ratio)
  -f fullscreen on current screen resolution
  -p up to four comma separated player names
  -t theme to be used (LBreakout2 themes ok, too)
Options are saved to config file, only needed to set new values.
If levelset is missing default LBreakout2 is used.
Themes/sets may start with ~ to load from ~/.lbreakouthd
  (only if installed with make install).
Example: bin/lbreakouthd -w 720 -p Mike,Tom LBreakout1

Themes
------
The most boring part first: IF you use third-party artwork please check that
the license allows you to change and share it (e.g., GPL, PD, CC, OFL, ...)
and give proper credits in a file named CREDITS (or something like that).
If this is not done, a theme will not be accepted. For your own artwork please
choose a proper license (e.g., GPLv3 will match the package's license).

Ok, that's that. Now, to get started quickly, look at the Standard theme and
keep its dimensions for a 1080p theme. It's pretty much self-explanatory.

To get the fine details, read on.

It's still PNG-based (rasterizing SVG sometimes leads to artifacts and limits
to vector graphics only, so ...). Whatever resolution the images are in they
get scaled to the screen/window size. Just bear a few things in mind:

theme.ini allows to set various things. All options have default values
matching LBreakout2 so they are not mandatory. But, e.g., for 1080p assets
you MUST at least provide

brickWidth = 90
brickHeight = 45

Otherwise 40x20 will be assumed which will look very funny. For 4k you
could use 180x90 (remember everything gets scaled up or down to fit the
actual screen resolution).

In general, all PNGs can use alpha for transparency. Black is no longer
used as color key (only for old LBreakout2 themes). For missing files 
Standard theme assets are used as fallback except for the frame (see below).

Assets in bricks.png and extras.png MUST match the given brick size 
exactly. All assets must be in one row (extra space to the right
or bottom hand side doesn't matter).

backX.png (or jpg is ok now, too) are wallpapers or full backgrounds.
They get scaled by the brickScreenSize to brickFileSize ratio. So the 
resolution should match bricks.png and extras.png (so that full wallpapers
will be scaled in the correct ratio to always fill the whole screen).
Maximum number is 10. Background numbers must be consecutive (e.g., 
back0.png, back1.png, back3.png will only load the first two).

The main frame comes in three flavors:
1) frame.png contains the full frame (fitting 16:9).
2) fr_left.png, fr_top.png, fr_right.png build a 4:3 frame (see old 
LBreakout2 frames). Boxes for hiscores, score and active extras are
automatically added.
3) No frame files at all will lead to a standard brick frame.

If you want to create a full frame image here are the measures for the info
boxes (bw = brick width, bh = brick height) given as x,y,w,h: 
	Box 1: Setname+Hiscores: 16*bw, bh, 13/3*bw, 12*bh
	Box 2: Name+Score: 16*bw, 14*bh, 13/3*bw, 3*bh
	Box 3: Active extras: 16*bw, 18*bh, 13/3*bw, 5*bh
So, e.g., hiscores box for 1080p (brick size 90x45) has 1440,45,390,540.

paddle.png needs to be FOUR rows (normal, sticky, frozen, unused) of 
three square tiles (left, middle, right). Some old LBreakout2 themes
have two paddles in one row and I started out with an extra paddle so
it is now required to get the proper dimensions automatically.
Paddle gets scaled to 90% of brick height. E.g., for 1080p tile size
should be 40x40 to avoid unnecessary scaling.

ball.png is one row of square balls (normal, energy, explosive, weak,
chaotic). No extra rows allowed as height is used to determine dimensions.
Balls get scaled to 60% of brick height. E.g., for 1080p tile size
should be 27x27 to avoid unnecessary scaling.

shot.png is a row of frames (shotFrameNum or default 4). You can set
animation speed by shotAnimDelay (default 200 ms). 
Shots get scaled square to 50% of brick height. E.g., for 1080p frame size
should be 22x22 to avoid unnecessary scaling.

weapon.png is a row of frames (weaponFrameNum or default 4). You can set
animation speed by weaponAnimDelay (default 200 ms). 
Weapon gets scaled square to 90% of brick height. E.g., for 1080p frame size
should be 40x40 to avoid unnecessary scaling.

The life symbol is automatically created from paddle.

You can specify the small and normal text font (default: fsmall.otf and 
fnormal.otf) and their size (default: 70% and 90% of brick height).
You can set the colors with fontColorNormal (default white) and 
fontColorHighlight (default yellow) as red,green,blue,alpha values.
Use GIMP to mix colors or translate #...... hex values.

Enjoy,
Michael

